Add Release-Notes for 1.32.1 (#131)
nginx/unit-docs: source/news/2024/index.rst

News archive for the year 2024.

.. nxt_news_entry::
   :author: Unit Team

>    :description: Version 1.32.1 is a maintenance release, fixing bugs in the new WebAssembly Language Module and in our NJS implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Version 1.32.1 is a maintenance release that fixes bugs in the new WebAssembly Language Module and in our NJS implementation.
```
